{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Introduction
\b0 \
SproutedInterface is a hodgepodge of code I have come to use in Journler and other projects. This is also my first attempt at a public framework, so it is a mess. Although there is plenty of reason to the code, there is very little rhyme. I'll be cleaning up the code in the future. Anyone who would like to have a go at bringing some order to the framework is free to take a shot at it. I desparately need to add documentation as well as explain usage. Additionally, some of the classes don't even belong in a general framework like this one. It'll get better though.\
\
Please direct all inquiries to developer@journler.com\
\

\b The License
\b0 \
The SproutedInterface framework is licensed under a combination BSD and Creative Commons license.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php\
{\listtext	\'95	}http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 	\
Specifically, the SproutedInterface framework is Copyright (c) 2007-2009, Philip Dow\
\
All rights reserved.\
\
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\
\
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\
\
Neither the name of the organization nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\
\
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR\
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,\
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\
\
In addition, and from the Creative Commons license, you must attribute your use of the SproutedInterface framework to either Philip Dow or Sprouted. Permission for commercial use is granted on the aforementioned condition and those specified by the BSD license above.\
\

\b 3rd Party Licenses and Acknowledgment
\b0 \
The SproutedInterface license does not affect the licensing terms specified by third party software which the framework includes. Licenses specified by 3rd party developers must be respected, including those which restrict commercial use. Software which uses 3rd party code in its use of this framework must also acknowledge that use independently of any acknowledgement to Philip Dow or Sprouted.\
\
It is possible that software being used in this framework has not been correctly attributed or is being used in ways inconsistent with the licensing terms. If you come across source code which you believe should not be included in this framework or which requires more robust attribution, please send an email to phil@journler.com.  I've collected code from a number of sources and I don't always note where it's from. For example, a lot of code is based on public source at cocoadev.com, a great repository for Cocoa and Obj-C developers. Check it out.\
\
The SproutedInterface framework makes use of the following open source software:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx960\tx1440\tx1920\tx2400\tx2880\tx3360\tx3840\tx4320\tx4800\tx5280\tx5760\tx6240\tx6720\tx7200\tx7680\tx8160\tx8640\tx9120\tx9600\tx10080\tx10560\tx11040\tx11520\tx12000\tx12480\tx12960\tx13440\tx13920\tx14400\tx14880\tx15360\tx15840\tx16320\tx16800\tx17280\tx17760\tx18240\tx18720\tx19200\tx19680\tx20160\tx20640\tx21120\tx21600\tx22080\tx22560\tx23040\tx23520\tx24000\tx24480\tx24960\tx25440\tx25920\tx26400\tx26880\tx27360\tx27840\tx28320\tx28800\tx29280\tx29760\tx30240\tx30720\tx31200\tx31680\tx32160\tx32640\tx33120\tx33600\tx34080\tx34560\tx35040\tx35520\tx36000\tx36480\tx36960\tx37440\tx37920\tx38400\tx38880\tx39360\tx39840\tx40320\tx40800\tx41280\tx41760\tx42240\tx42720\tx43200\tx43680\tx44160\tx44640\tx45120\tx45600\tx46080\tx46560\tx47040\tx47520\tx48000\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}MUPhotoView, Blake Seely\
{\listtext	\'95	}RBSplitView, Rainer Brockerhoff\
{\listtext	\'95	}Polished Window, HUDWindow, and TransparentWindow and other UI classes, Matt Gemmell\
{\listtext	\'95	}EtchedText, EtchedPopUpButton and other iLife controls, Sean Patrick O'Brien\
{\listtext	\'95	}MNLineNumberTextView and related classes, Masatoshi Nishikata\
}